docs/index.md, before:

AIMS Data Platform API
=====================

The Australian Institute of Marine Science (AIMS) provides the __AIMS Data Platform API__ for access to AIMS data.

Available Data Sets
-------------------

The __AIMS Data Platform API__ is a *REST API* providing *JSON* formatted data.  The __AIMS Data Platform API__ should be queried using the Digital Object Identifier ([DOI](https://doi.org)) of the desired dataset.  At this time available datasets are:

Dataset                  | DOI                    | Metadata
-------------------------|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------
Weather                  | 10.25845/5c09bf93f315d | [Metadata](https://doi.org/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d){:target="_blank"}
Temperature Loggers      | 10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848 | [Metadata](https://doi.org/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848){:target="_blank"}

AIMS Data Platform API Key
-------------------------
__AIMS Data Platform API__ requires an *API Key* for requests to succeed.  The *API Key* should be added to every `HTTP` request as an `x-api-key` header, keys can be obtained from the [key request page](key-request).

Example of the `x-api-key` header using curl:

```
curl -H "x-api-key: xxxxx" "https://api.aims.gov.au/data/v1.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/data?site-name=Davies%20Reef&size=10"
```

REST API Documentation
----------------------

Detailed information about the __AIMS Data Platform API__ urls and formats can be found in the Swagger documentation for
the appropriate project.

Dataset                 | Documentation
------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weather                 | [https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/docs](https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/docs)
Temperature Loggers     | [https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848/docs](https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848/docs)

Available Clients
-----------------

At this time there is only one client specifically made for __AIMS Data Platform API__ however any *REST* client will work.

Platform | Client
---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------
R        | [AIMS Data Platform R Client](https://docs.ropensci.org/dataaimsr/)

Commit message:

Add underway and python client

docs/index.md, after:

AIMS Data Platform API
=====================

The Australian Institute of Marine Science (AIMS) provides the __AIMS Data Platform API__ for access to AIMS data.

Available Data Sets
-------------------

The __AIMS Data Platform API__ is a *REST API* providing *JSON* formatted data.  The __AIMS Data Platform API__ should be queried using the Digital Object Identifier ([DOI](https://doi.org)) of the desired dataset.  At this time available datasets are:

| Dataset             | DOI                    | Metadata                                                             |
|---------------------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Weather             | 10.25845/5c09bf93f315d | [Metadata](https://doi.org/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d){:target="_blank"} |
| Temperature Loggers | 10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848 | [Metadata](https://doi.org/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848){:target="_blank"} |
| Underway            | 10.25845/9vr7-9g80     | [Metadata](https://doi.org/10.25845/9vr7-9g80){:target="_blank"}     |

AIMS Data Platform API Key
-------------------------
__AIMS Data Platform API__ requires an *API Key* for requests to succeed.  The *API Key* should be added to every request as an `x-api-key` header, keys can be obtained from the [key request page](key-request).

Example of the `x-api-key` header using curl:

```
curl -H "x-api-key: xxxxx" "https://api.aims.gov.au/data/v1.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/data?site-name=Davies%20Reef&size=10"
```

REST API Documentation
----------------------

Detailed information about the __AIMS Data Platform API__ urls and formats can be found in the Swagger documentation for
the appropriate project.

| Dataset                    | Documentation                                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Weather                    | [https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/docs](https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5c09bf93f315d/docs) |
| Temperature Loggers        | [https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848/docs](https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v2.0/10.25845/5b4eb0f9bb848/docs) |
| All data-v3.0 (Underway)   | [https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v3.0/docs](https://api.aims.gov.au/data-v3.0/docs)                                               |

Available Clients
-----------------

At this time there are 2 clients specifically made for __AIMS Data Platform API__ however any *REST* client will work.

| Platform | Client                                                                                   |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| R        | [AIMS Data Platform R Client](https://docs.ropensci.org/dataaimsr/)                      |
| Python   | [AIMS Data Platform Python Client](https://github.com/open-AIMS/data-platform-client-py) |
